docs/faq.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Purpose Statement

This FAQ document provides clear, concise answers to help developers seamlessly integrate Project CodeGuard security rules into AI-assisted coding workflows. Our goal is to ensure AI-generated code adheres to secure development practices without disrupting productivity.

---

## Q: Where can I access the rules?

**A:** You can access the rules in the [Project CodeGuard GitHub repository](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules). The latest stable release is available on the [releases page](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/releases).

---

## Q: How can I use the rules in Windsurf, Cursor, or GitHub Copilot?

**A:** Detailed installation instructions are available in our [Getting Started guide](getting-started.md). In summary:

1. Download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/releases)
2. Extract the archive and copy the IDE-specific rules to your project:
   - **Cursor**: Copy `.cursor/` directory to your project root
   - **Windsurf**: Copy `.windsurf/` directory to your project root
   - **GitHub Copilot**: Copy `.github/instructions/` directory to your project root
3. Restart your IDE and start coding - the AI assistant will automatically follow the security rules

---

## Q: Why does the downloaded release folder appear empty?

**A:** After downloading and extracting the release, the folders may appear empty because the rule directories (`.cursor/`, `.windsurf/`, `.github/`) start with a dot (`.`) and are hidden by default on most operating systems.

**To show hidden files:**

=== "macOS"
    
    In Finder, navigate to the extracted `ide_rules/` folder and press ++cmd+shift+period++ to toggle the visibility of hidden files. You should now see the `.cursor/`, `.windsurf/`, and `.github/` directories.

=== "Windows"
    
    In File Explorer:
    
    1. Navigate to the extracted `ide_rules/` folder
    2. Click on the **View** tab in the ribbon
    3. Check the **Hidden items** checkbox

=== "Linux"
    
    In your file manager, press ++ctrl+h++ to toggle hidden files, or use `ls -la` in the terminal to view all files including hidden ones.

Once hidden files are visible, you can copy the appropriate directory (`.cursor/`, `.windsurf/`, or `.github/`) to your project root.

---

## Q: Can I use this with Claude Code?

**A:** Yes! Claude Code automatically reads and follows instructions from a `CLAUDE.md` file in your project root. To use Project CodeGuard rules with Claude Code you can point to the Project CodeGuard rules in your `CLAUDE.md` file.

When Claude Code operates in your project, it treats the Project CodeGuard security rules in `CLAUDE.md` as authoritative system instructions.


## Q: How can I report a problem or enhancement to any of the rules?

**A:** You can report problems, successes, or suggest enhancements to any of the rules by:

1. **Creating a GitHub issue**: [Open an issue here](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/issues)
2. **Provide details**: Include which rule(s) are affected, the issue you encountered, and your suggested improvement
3. **Be specific**: If reporting a bug, include steps to reproduce and example code if possible

We welcome all feedback - whether it's a bug report, success story, or enhancement suggestion!

---

## Q: Why do I get the following error message in GitHub for some of the rules?

```
Error in user YAML: (<unknown>): did not find expected alphabetic 
or numeric character while scanning an alias at line x column x
```

**A:** You can safely ignore this error. GitHub attempts to parse YAML headers combined with markdown content, which can cause this warning. It does not affect rule functionality - the rules will work correctly in your IDE regardless of this GitHub display issue.

---

## Q: How can I contribute to these rules and this project?

**A:** You can contribute at any time by:

1. **Creating a pull request**: Submit code, documentation, or rule improvements directly
2. **Opening a GitHub issue**: Report bugs, suggest new rules, or propose enhancements
3. **Participating in discussions**: Share your experience and help other users
4. **Improving documentation**: Help make our docs clearer and more comprehensive

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed guidelines on our contribution process.

---

## Still have questions?

**Can't find your answer?** 

- [Open an issue](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/issues) with your question
- [Start a discussion](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/discussions) to chat with the community

Commit message:

docs: Update CONTRIBUTING.md and FAQ with new branch naming conventions and context window clarification

docs/faq.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Purpose Statement

This FAQ document provides clear, concise answers to help developers seamlessly integrate Project CodeGuard security rules into AI-assisted coding workflows. Our goal is to ensure AI-generated code adheres to secure development practices without disrupting productivity.

---

## Q: Where can I access the rules?

**A:** You can access the rules in the [Project CodeGuard GitHub repository](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules). The latest stable release is available on the [releases page](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/releases).

---

## Q: How can I use the rules in Windsurf, Cursor, or GitHub Copilot?

**A:** Detailed installation instructions are available in our [Getting Started guide](getting-started.md). In summary:

1. Download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/releases)
2. Extract the archive and copy the IDE-specific rules to your project:
   - **Cursor**: Copy `.cursor/` directory to your project root
   - **Windsurf**: Copy `.windsurf/` directory to your project root
   - **GitHub Copilot**: Copy `.github/instructions/` directory to your project root
3. Restart your IDE and start coding - the AI assistant will automatically follow the security rules

---
## Q: Will these rules consume a lot of the AI agent's **context window**?

**A:** No. The always-on rules are designed to be lightweight and efficient, and should not consume a lot of the AI agent's context window. The "glob" rules are designed to be applied only to the related file types specified in the rule.

---
## Q: What are the `additional_rules` folder?

**A:** The `additional_rules` folder contains rules that can be used to supplement the Project CodeGuard core rules. These rules are not always-on and are not included in the downloaded release. They are only available in the `project-codeguard/rules` repository for code review and security assessments post-code generation.

---

## Q: How can I use the rules in my own AI agent?

**A:** You can use the rules in your own AI agent by creating a custom ruleset. You can create a custom ruleset by creating a new file in the `.cursor/rules`, `.windsurf/rules`, or `.github/instructions` directory and adding the rules you want to apply. You can also use the `project-codeguard/rules` repository as a template to create your own ruleset.

---

## Q: Why does the downloaded release folder appear empty?

**A:** After downloading and extracting the release, the folders may appear empty because the rule directories (`.cursor/`, `.windsurf/`, `.github/`) start with a dot (`.`) and are hidden by default on most operating systems.

**To show hidden files:**

=== "macOS"
    
    In Finder, navigate to the extracted `ide_rules/` folder and press ++cmd+shift+period++ to toggle the visibility of hidden files. You should now see the `.cursor/`, `.windsurf/`, and `.github/` directories.

=== "Windows"
    
    In File Explorer:
    
    1. Navigate to the extracted `ide_rules/` folder
    2. Click on the **View** tab in the ribbon
    3. Check the **Hidden items** checkbox

=== "Linux"
    
    In your file manager, press ++ctrl+h++ to toggle hidden files, or use `ls -la` in the terminal to view all files including hidden ones.

Once hidden files are visible, you can copy the appropriate directory (`.cursor/`, `.windsurf/`, or `.github/`) to your project root.

---

## Q: Can I use this with Claude Code?

**A:** Yes! Claude Code automatically reads and follows instructions from a `CLAUDE.md` file in your project root. To use Project CodeGuard rules with Claude Code you can point to the Project CodeGuard rules in your `CLAUDE.md` file.

When Claude Code operates in your project, it treats the Project CodeGuard security rules in `CLAUDE.md` as authoritative system instructions.


## Q: How can I report a problem or enhancement to any of the rules?

**A:** You can report problems, successes, or suggest enhancements to any of the rules by:

1. **Creating a GitHub issue**: [Open an issue here](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/issues)
2. **Provide details**: Include which rule(s) are affected, the issue you encountered, and your suggested improvement
3. **Be specific**: If reporting a bug, include steps to reproduce and example code if possible

We welcome all feedback - whether it's a bug report, success story, or enhancement suggestion!

---

## Q: Why do I get the following error message in GitHub for some of the rules?

```
Error in user YAML: (<unknown>): did not find expected alphabetic 
or numeric character while scanning an alias at line x column x
```

**A:** You can safely ignore this error. GitHub attempts to parse YAML headers combined with markdown content, which can cause this warning. It does not affect rule functionality - the rules will work correctly in your IDE regardless of this GitHub display issue.

---

## Q: How can I contribute to these rules and this project?

**A:** You can contribute at any time by:

1. **Creating a pull request**: Submit code, documentation, or rule improvements directly
2. **Opening a GitHub issue**: Report bugs, suggest new rules, or propose enhancements
3. **Participating in discussions**: Share your experience and help other users
4. **Improving documentation**: Help make our docs clearer and more comprehensive

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed guidelines on our contribution process.

---

## Still have questions?

**Can't find your answer?** 

- [Open an issue](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/issues) with your question
- [Start a discussion](https://github.com/project-codeguard/rules/discussions) to chat with the community
